# cmc-final-project
Welcome to our GitHub Repository!

This repository contains the code used for our Twitch analysis for the course 
Computer Mediated Communication 2022 (RUG) (LIX022M05)

**Collaborators:**
- Folkert Atze Leistra - s3469573 - f.a.leistra@student.rug.nl
- Joren Arkes - s3545881 - j.arkes@student.rug.nl

### Repository Overview
- **archive**: Archive files that were used during development
- **data**: folder that contains all the data generated by our programs
- **logging**: folder that contains all the output logging for our programs.
- **other files**:
  - create_steamers_dict.py: used for the initial creation of the streamers dict & logging files
  - data-filter.py: file used for filtering our data into nodes - and edges lists
  - get_channel_chatters.py: file used for obtaining the current chatters for a livestream. Please note that this files uses an undocummented API.
  - get_top_streams.py: Main file which is used for obtaining the top 100 streamers and the moment of runtime and storing their username, chatters, games and languages.
  - scheduler.py: file used to schedule our program. This program should be called when running the program on a scheduler
  - requirements.txt: file that contains all the necessary dependencies

### Please Note:
- The program will not work without your own Twitch API credentials see (https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/api/)
- Make sure to add these credentials into a json file called: credentials.json
- get_top_streams.py has a potential risk. For better safety and error handling, write all new collected data to separate files, instead of appending to one data file.


